0.  BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion
PNG: 24 bit, 16 million
JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million
GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors
1.  GIF
2.  Lossless - all original data can be recovered when the file is uncompressed. 
Lossy eliminating certain information, especially redundant information.
3.  JPEG 
4.  When the operating system erases a FAT file, two
things occur. First, the system modifies the filename’s first
character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file
has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters
to the hard drive’s list of free clusters. The actual file
data is never touched
5.  Delete files using a software, that replaces the section on disc with all zeroes or some other pattern.
6.  stdint.h is a header file that includes definitions of several new integer types to enhance the portability of programs
7.  Integer type with a width of exactly 8, 16, or 32 bits. Use when you exactly sure about length of integers in your programm and want to keep as memory as you need
8.  BYTE = 1 byte, DWORD = 4 bytes, LONG = 4 bytes, WORD = 2 bytes
9.  Bitmap file header. The header field used to identify the BMP and DIB file is 0x42 0x4D in hexadecimal, same as BM in ASCII.
10. bfSize is the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file. biSize is the number of bytes required by the structure.
11. If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.
12. biBitCount. The number of bits-per-pixel. The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap. 
13. fopen will return NULL if it can not create the outfile to write to. may be it is a permission problem
14. this is a parametr 'nmemb' of fread function. This is the number of elements, each one with a sizeof(BITMAPFILEHEADER).
15. if bi.biWidth = 3, then (4 - (3px * 3byte) % 4) % 4, 3%4. The answer is 3.
16. skip over padding, if any
17. SEEK_CUR Current position of the file pointer. This is the position from where offset is added.
18. it is a man on the picture. he looks like John Kennedy, but I am not sure 
